# UIUC-GSD-405-Final-Project-Metroguevania
Unreal Engine project that encapsulates a 2D, sidescrolling platformer experience made for my group final project for GSD 405 at UIUC

The project was made in a separate repository initialized by one of my groupmates. The sum total of the code can therefore be found at this link: https://github.com/adyoungblood/gsd-405-group-5-metroidguevania/tree/main

This Unreal Engine group project was my final submission for the final project, the project being titled as "Metroguevania." This assignment was conducted over the course of a whole semester, split into four sections. The first was an initial project plan and revision of selected design documents (in this case those I had made the previous semester). The second was the pre-production phase one milestone, wherein my group presented our first revised draft of design documentation as well as project management documentation, plans, and any measure of development created. The third was the pre-production phase two milestone, continuing more of the same except with much more extensive programming developed. The fourth was the final submission, where we finalized our documentation and development of the game. Throughout this project, I also did a series of peer and self-reflection forms, which counted towards the final grade. For this assignment, I received an overall grade of 94.82%, with a final submission grade of 97.7%, which can be seen in the Grade Screenshot.

The documentation submitted can be found at this Drive folder: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1-64gSEUcV0e3kzNzcR5KbNmFRdMwU6zr?usp=sharing

Disclaimer: The final allowable submission date has passed, so the ability to use this code to submit the assignment for a grade this current semester of Spring 2024 has similarly passed. I do not condone usage of this project for the purposes of cheating if this exact type of project assignment is to be re-used in future iterations of GSD 405 at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. I also do not claim any work on this project not done by me as my own. I worked chiefly on design, documentation, and project management.
